We're almost done with the first part of the section and I can imagine that your head is almost exploding
before coming to a practice section so that you can practice the things you learned.
There's one thing we haven't covered yet and that is how we can actually fetch user input.
We can listen to events but there is something we already did in the Getting Started section which we
didn't have a look at in this section yet and that is what if we have an input field and we want to
react to what the user enters.
Let's do that in our second instance here let's say with input and we want to allow the user to dynamically
change the message here.
Well that's super easy to do.
We can use a number directive re model and the model allows us to set up two way binding and that simply
means it outputs whatever we bind here has as a value as the value of this input.
But whenever we change it it will also updated in our data.
So here we have the message.
If were buying the Model 2 message and I had control enter.
You see Hello there.
Here to this input field.
That's the one direction of winding.
But if I change this you'll see that it updates below the input field too.
That's the direction of binding it recognizes this change and then automatically updates to updates
the data property and also every place in this template where we used this property where we output
this property like here with the Cauley braces.
So we model two way data binding.
Great if you have input fields where you want to react to whatever the user changes or what the user
inputs and then dynamically update your data property to.